feat(misc): Replace Text, TextContent, TextList and TextListItem with Content - PART 2 (#10643)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Content/examples/Content.md

---
id: Content
section: components
cssPrefix: pf-v6-c-content
propComponents: ['Content',]
---

> The `<Content>` component provides simple, built-in styling for putting common blocks of HTML elements together. It establishes the block of content and styling within it for the elements listed in the `component` property(`h1` through `h6`, `hr`, `p`, `a`, `small`, `blockquote`, and `pre`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Content>` component allows you to establish a block of HTML content and apply simple, built-in styling. `<Content>` can be used for any element supported by the `component` property (including `h1` through `h6`, `hr`, `p`, `a`, `small`, `blockquote`, and `pre`).
```

You cannot nest other components within `<Content>`, and doing so can cause styling overrides or other conflicts. Instead, you can use the `<Content>` component's properties to achieve the same results.

> For example, rather than nesting the `<List>` and `<Title>` components within `<Content>`, you should pass `component="h1"` into the `<Content>` component. Similarly, when you need to add a divider , rather than passing in a separate `<Divider>` component, you should utilize the `hr` property that `<Content>` supports, which will be styled as a divider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create a level 1 heading, you should pass `component="h1"` to `<Content>`, instead of nesting a `<Title>` component within `<Content>`. Similarly, when you need to add a divider to a page, you should utilize the `hr` property of `<Content>` (which is styled as a divider), rather than using a separate `<Divider>` component.
```

maybe I'm misunderstanding, but is mentioning <List> relevant for this example? It doesn't intrinsically apply h1 does it?

```

>  Html elements wrapped by `<Content>` are styled by the Content component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 HTML elements wrapped by `<Content>` are styled by the content component.
```

Maybe it would make more sense to me if I could load the website preview, but I'm not fully understanding the purpose of this line. Is this different than what we've already stated above?
